# Isabel Margarita Retamales Figueroa

**Headline**: My experience with design has been among marketing, communication, and interaction/experience design. Working with brands, social media, editorial, web and applications has been some of my duties. Having the chance to work at multi-disciplinary teams in large international companies or in non profit ones, has given me tools for managing in different work environments and asumming different roles according to each corporation. Now working remotely with 3 years of experience in different design areas, passionate about data vizualization. Fan of tiny food in youtube.


**Position**: Remote designer

**Skills**: Interaction Design | Visual Design | Design Research | Campaign + Branding | Wireframing | Prototiping | Sketching & Illustration | Data Visualization | Storyboarding | 

**Tools**: Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, Indesign, Premiere), Affinity Designer, Figma, 

**Languages**: Spanish (native, English FCE and IELTs)

**Country/Region**: Currently in Chiang Mai, Thailand. 

**Zip Code**:

**Industry**: Graphic & Interface Design.

**Contact info**:
(Profile URL, Websites, Email, Twitter, WeChat ID)

**Summary**: Travelling and working remotely, based in Chiang Mai.

## Experience:

### Delivery Command:

Graphic and UI Designer

**Location:** Sydney, Australia

April 2018 – June 2015  

Delivery Command is a technology company that offers a tracking system solution to delivery with full visibility for managers and customers.

In this company I collaborated with the marketing and developer team. Managed branding, graphic material, illustration and UI redesign for the tracking interface as well as some progress in the redesign of the app.

Working in Delivery Command opened a new area in design I was not familiarized with, which is UI and gave me the possibility to learn new tools, such as Figma.


> https://deliverycommand.com

### Viña Concha y Toro:

North Zone Designer

**Location:** Santiago, Chile.

Feb 2015 – Sep 2017 

Viña Concha y Toro is Latin America’s leading producer and occupies an outstanding position among the world’s most important wine companies, currently exporting to 147 countries worldwide. 

As a member of the north zone and marketing team, I had to effectively manage project task requiring interaction with multiple depatments. I was envolved in the process of creating the graphic material for the North Zone Markets (Europe, Canada, Africa and some of the Middle East countries) by taking the global campaigns and adjusting them to every specific needs. I was responsible for taking orders for foreign customers and managing time and prioritising tasks to accomplish every project efficiently within the deadlines we negociated. Finishing with reports that were analysed for planning future needs.

Working hand by hand with printers and having the chance to approve several designs we launched for the different locals zones, created different promotional products, labels, besides, the everyday needs, giving me the chance to improve attention to detail and focus on quality control. Working with a multi-disciplinary team gave me a chance to develop myself, study new fields, improve professional skills, ability to prioritize and multitask duties, problem solving and good communication.

> https://conchaytoro.com


### Ambasdos:
Founding Partner

**Location:**

July 2013 - 2017

Since the year 2013 we have been working with a team called Ambasdos in different design projects, assisting the clients, and working together to achieve the best solution in design. 

Working for branding, media, editorial, design web, packaging, personal projects, we have been able to develop several answers to different needs our clients present. Negociating deadlines to meet our customer needs and the quality of the final product.

> https://ambasdos.com




### Late!:

Design and Community manager

**Location:** Santiago, Chile.

Jan 2014 – Feb 2015  

This company gave the 100% of their profit, which was generated by the sales of their products, to support renowned non-profit organizations.

Being part of the Late! team gave me tools I did not develop earlier. I worked as the community manager and designer of this company which had being launched a few years early and they needed someone who communicated in a creative and innovative way what they did in the social networks, following the vision of the company. Had to organize a weekly plan and analize each social media to create specific content for every one of them.

This gave me a big opportunity to create new ways of showing in the social media how this company worked in a more transparent and close way to consumers, as well as exploring and expanding the brand which was developing at that moment.

> https://late.cl


